this is Avengers endgame Tony Stark and
nebula are hanging out in space remember
they were the only two survivors of the
snap on Thanos his planet they fixed up
a ship enough to get here but now
they're dead in the water they are going
to die unless they're rescued by glowing
space angel Captain Marvel she flies
them back to earth where indeed 50% of
the population has been snapped away but
they managed to trace Thanos his
location
so the Avengers are going on a space
mission Thanos has retired he's living
the simple life which is rudely
interrupted by the Avengers they
immediately get the gauntlet off this
time but what's this the Infinity stones
are gone yeah Thanos destroyed them so
the snap can never be undone I am
inevitable the war immediately cuts his
head off remedying his mistake from
infinity war but with the snap
irreversible the Avengers have lost five
years later the earth is still reeling
from the snap put in a random storage
locker fate intervenes and ant-man is
blown out of the quantum realm in the
post-credits scene from ant-man and the
wasp II went in there right before the
snap and ended up trapped but now he's
out and sees the devastation so he pays
a visit to the remaining Avengers and is
like hey guys I think we can use the
quantum realm for time travel they go to
see the smartest guy they know Tony
Stark but his life has changed a lot he
now has a daughter he's not gonna risk
losing her for some crazy time-travel
scheme so they go to the second smartest
guy they know Bruce Banner who has now
fully integrated himself with the Hulk
he tries to make a time machine but
doesn't quite get it right luckily Tony
Stark can't let it go and he cracks the
code he says farewell to his daughter
cuteness overload they're planning a
time heist to go steal the Infinity
stones from when they existed in the
past and use them to undo the snap in
the present they need to reassemble the
Avengers and first on the list is Thor
who has really let himself go he's
hanging out with Mick and Korg from
Ragnarok literally playing Fortnight but
under his new laid-back attitude is
hiding a crippling depression next on
the list is Hawkeye who wasn't in
infinity war because he took a deal for
house arrest to be with his family but
he got super unlucky and lost them all
in the snap and since then
he's been on a full John wick murder
spree and now the gang's all here so
it's time for some time travel team one
revisits the original Avengers movie
they watch as they give Loki's scepter
with the mine stone to the shield agents
who they later found out where Hydra
Captain America meets him in the
elevator it looks like they're gonna
redo the epic fight from Winter Soldier
but instead Kappa leans in and whispers
hail Hydra he played them walks right
out with it unfortunately he runs into
his past self who assumes he's a shape
changed Loki so caps gotta fight in his
past self I can do this all day yeah I
know he distracts him with spoilers from
future movies and takes the staff to get
the tesseract ant-man goes into Tony's
heart thing and causes a distraction so
future Tony can grab it and go
unfortunately Hulk didn't fit in the
elevator and had to take the stairs
knocking the tesseract right to Loki
this is a huge problem because they only
have enough Pym particles for the trip
back but Tony realizes hey there's
plenty of Pym particles in the past so
he and cap take a detour to the 1970s to
shield headquarters where a young Hank
Pym has Pym particles to spare and also
the tesseract was conveniently in
storage there Tony bumps into his father
and has an emotional reconnection while
Steve catches a glimpse of agent Carter
who has his lost love back in New York
Banner Hulk sees the old sorcerer
supreme who's got the time stone but she
explains that if they take an infinity
stone from the past it'll open up an
alternate reality which will certainly
be a bad one so once the missions over
they've got to bring them back to
exactly when they took up team two
visits Thor dark world the worst Marvel
movie Thor and rocket have to suck the
reality stone out of Natalie Portman and
Thor swings by his mom's for a pep talk
and he has the idea to some hidden horn
here he's got his hammer back Black
Widow and Hawkeye go to soulstone planet
where they run into Red Skull who
explains that one of them has to die
these two best friends come to the
agreement that it should be them so they
have a crazy fight where they're trying
to stop each other from sacrificing
themselves they end up in a lord of the
rings don't you let go mr. Frodo but
Black Widow sacrifices herself for the
soul stone the last team goes to
guardians of the galaxy one where Peter
quill is famously doing his intro
credits dance it looks a lot less cool
when you can't hear his headphones they
knock him out and take the Power Stone
themselves but as
leaving nebula malfunctions because
there's the passed nebula on the same
Wi-Fi she's still very much working for
big bad daddy dantos he very quickly
figures out the time heist situation so
they capture future nebula and send past
nebula back undercover so all our heroes
come back to the present and the time
heist was a success except Black Widow
dying of course Tony makes his own
Infinity Gauntlet Ironman style but no
mortal man can use the stones it would
destroy them so Hulk's gotta do it
fruity pebble rainbow power and snap he
does it with only a one arm injury and
it looks like it works everyone's back
to life but just then evil nebula hacks
The Time Machine and brings Thanos his
ship in boom missile blasts blows up all
of Avengers headquarters everyone
survives but in precarious situations
Hawkeye makes it out with the Infinity
Gauntlet which he gives over to nebula
not knowing that she's evil but luckily
past Gamora is already down for a
Redemption arc she frees future nebula
who has to then shoot her past self
which luckily doesn't cause her to
disappear back to the future style and
now the big three Avengers come face to
face with Thanos he's like wow I saved
the universe with my snap you guys are
really ungrateful when I get the stones
this time I'm just gonna wipe out all
life and start again from scratch so now
it's time for an epic 3v1 even without
the stone stano's is super strong he's
about to kill for when what's this the
hammer Mjolnir comes to save him but
wait Thor didn't summon it it was
Captain America that's right he's worthy
to lift it and now it's hammer time but
even with the power of thunder Thanos
still kicks his butt the good guys never
even stood a chance cuz Thanos has his
entire army with him so things look
bleak for the universe but wait what's
this a portal opens and dr. strange is
back yes all the heroes that were
snapped are back to life he opens dozens
of portals with all the heroes and
entire armies this was his whole plan
uniting the galaxy for a final stand
against Thanos
assembl and now the climax of 23 movies
the epic final battle so much is going
on you got to rewatch the scene a dozen
times ant-man does punch a space whale
though also a blue Iron Man shows up its
Pepper Potts Tony made her a suit at
some point and they kick some butt
together and star lards reunited with an
alive passed Gamora hilariously she
doesn't remember her future self falling
in love with him eventually Thanos spots
the Infinity Gauntlet so the hero's got
a play keep-away they want to get it
into ant man's van time machine where
Thanos can't reach it
so Scarlet Witch comes to distract him
she wants revenge for a vision and she
earns her title of potential strongest
Avenger taking out Thanos
single-handedly
danos has to call in an airstrike to get
her off him which puts the battlefield
in chaos until the shooting stops and
the guns point up what's this it's a
bird it's a plane it's Captain Marvel
back from outer space takes out his
whole ship by herself she takes the
Infinity Gauntlet and all the women of
Marvel team-up together alright girl
power she's almost there when Thanos
takes out the time machine he grabs the
gauntlet but before he can snap Captain
Marvel's on him she fights him
one-on-one and he's winning until he
grabs the Power Stone and knocks her out
of there so Tony Stark sees Doctor
Strange who reminds him that out of 14
million outcomes only one do they win
and Tony knows what he's got to do he
grabs that o sin distracts him for just
a second so when Thanos goes to snap
in heaven
waitwhat nothing happened cuz Tony
grabbed all the Infinity stones onto his
hand Tony Stark snaps his fingers dust
all of Thanos his army and once he
comprehends the magnitude of his failure
Thanos is blown away out of the universe
for good but the power of the stones is
too much for a human body to handle so
after a final farewell with pepper Tony
Stark has sacrificed himself to save the
whole universe there's a big funeral
with all the superheroes and he left a
projection will for his daughter gonna
be 3,000 what I'm not crying you're
crying
but life and the MCU must move on Thor
appoints Valkyrie as king of Asgard he
hitches a ride with the guardians of the
galaxy to hang with them for a bit and
they got to put the Infinity stones back
where they came from
Captain America takes that mission but
he doesn't come back
because he comes back the slow way by
growing old he decided to settle down
and live a full life he passes the
mantle of Captain America to the Falcon
Sam Wilson who's got to figure out if
he's gonna use the wings and the shield
how's that gonna work and in the end we
see Steve Rogers finally having his
dance with Peggy Carter and that's how
endgame comes to an end